ColdMUD is copyright 1993, 1994 by Greg Hudson

Genesis is authored by many people, and is Copyright 1994, 1995, 1996 by
Brandon Gillespie, unless otherwise stated in an individual file.

The following terms apply to all files associated with Genesis unless
explicitly disclaimed in an individual file.

The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and
license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that
existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this notice
is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license, or
royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. Modifications to
this software may be copyrighted by their authors and need not follow the
licensing terms described here, provided that the new terms are clearly
indicated on the first page of each file where they apply.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR
DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT
OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY DERIVATIVES THEREOF,
EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
I.E. IF THIS SOFTWARE MAKES YOUR COMPUTER EAT YOUR HARD DRIVE, IT IS NOT OUR
FAULT.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE NO
OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR
MODIFICATIONS.

RESTRICTED RIGHTS: Use, duplication or disclosure by the government is
subject to the restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c) (1) (ii) of the
Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software Clause as DFARS 252.227-7013
and FAR 52.227-19.

(note: this copyright statement is derived from the tcl copyright
statement).

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Genesis

Genesis is a derivitive work of ColdMUD. The concise history of it, from
ColdMUD, can be found in the CHANGES file. The name change is to make a
distinction between the developmental time Greg Hudson spent (versions 0.0
through 0.10)--followed by various changes from a few contributors,
including Greg Hudson (versions 0.11 and 0.12)--and those made under the
management of the ColdX Project.

The ColdX Project is a conglomeration of programmers dedicated to advancing
the driver and any relative databases. Information on the ColdX Project can
be found via http at:

    http://www.cold.org/

The ColdX Project is a free softare organization. If you enjoyed software
the project distributes and/or maintains, donations of any type to continue
their existance will be accepted. Donations may be made anonymously. All
donations are used to continue and extend the ColdX Project (The ColdX
Project maintains a server for development and distribution. Donations are
regularly used in maintaining and improving the server. Hardware and
monetary donations are both encouraged).

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

ColdMUD

This program borrows many ideas from LambdaMOO, written by Stephen White and
Pavel Curtis, and COOLMUD, written by Stephen White.

The database routines in this code originate from code by Marcus J. Ranum,
although only the block allocation algorithm is currently similar to his
code. The cache algorithm also uses his ideas.

The regular expression matcher used by Coldmud (regexp.c) was written by
Henry Spencer.

Numerous people have contributed valuble ideas and debugging effort. Among
them are Jay Carlson, Erik Ostrom, Matthew Rhoten, Loyd Blankenship, Gregory
Blake, Jeff Prothero, Nils McCarthy, Brandon Gillespie, Ron Strait, Alex
Stewart, Jordan Baker, Ryan Daum, Doug Orleans, Matthew Gray, and Scott
Dickenshied.

